This is the description of all the data files needed or generated by this project.

Firstly, we have the *Credit.csv*, which can be accessed through [this link](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/Credit.csv). This data set comes from the [*An Introduction to Statistical Learning*](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/data.html) book by Gareth James, Daniela Witten, Trevor Hastie and Robert Tibshirani. Without their help, this project would never be possible.

From this data set, we always use randomization methods to generate two data sets, the *trainingSet.csv* and *testSet.csv*, with a randomization seed of 1. Any one with access to this project could reset their seed by modifying the *Make* file.

The *correlation-matrix.RData* is a R data file that stores the correlation matrix between all the quantitative variables in the *Credit* data set, including *Income*, *Limit*, *Rating*, *Cards*, *Age*, *Education*, and the dependent response variable *Balance*. This data can also be used to plot the correlation matrix.

The *eda-correlationMatrix.txt* is the plain text file of the correlation matrix mentioned above.

The *eda-quantitativeVariables.txt* file stores the summary statistics of all the quantitative variables in plain text format.

The *eda-summaryMatrix.RData* file stores the summary statistics of all the quantitative variables in R Data format.

The *frequencyTable-ethnicity.RData* file and *frequencyTable-ethnicity.txt* file both store the frequency table for the qualitative variable *Ethnicity*.

The *frequencyTable-gender.RData* file and *frequencyTable-gender.txt* file both store the frequency table for the qualitative variable *Gender*.

The *frequencyTable-married.RData* file and *frequencyTable-married.txt* file both store the frequency table for the qualitative variable *Married*.

The *frequencyTable-student.RData* file and *frequencyTable-student.txt* file both store the frequency table for the qualitative variable *Student*.

